you won't tell me to kiss your ass again does anybody have an issue with me i don't like you
so what you want to do about it with some people you just me yeah because he's sneaking me this
bitch summer life she just want to keep on running her motherfucking mouth talking to me
italian stable if you're this gun shot in your navel casualty like fatal your baby daddy run
gone you will leave your he shan treat weston violate your head gone as i yell girl trish
hope you got two shot tear off your face send anybody back in up in a grip now it's time to
the part me appeal if it ain't about guala it ain't about dollars it don't make sense
niggas wanna stay broke i'm convinced flinch at a nigga he wins niggas be soft ain't pimp
niggas be lost they simps niggas be washed dick limp small dick nigga
you're a bitch
didn't like the way that i was speaking so she pulled a dolly on me and snatched the mic from me
we're not gonna do that we're gonna respect kenya kenya we love you
we like came with us just bear with us so lex and fauna get to arguing in the club and they
suck
so close to fighting right now like they gonna stop booking us y'all if y'all keep fighting in
the club and turning up like this fuck to the club but you know i'm right on time let's turn
the fuck up we got someone no other she walking in right now summer we just having a good time
then bummer come in and it's just like let's see how this night ends up if it ain't a fifth
i'm gonna need a zoo i ain't hanging with no clicker thing i know you're late but i'm gonna
let it slide
because it's a lot been going on but summer's here you bitches have no decorum nothing where
the fuck did y'all come from who raised y'all like for real for real
fauna are getting into it like y'all can't wait till we get home
y'all bitches over there looking a little hot so let me cool y'all off through the fan of her bitch
and the baddies know you're not supposed to fight or do too much at booking but it was well worth it
bitch shut up i need y'all to get it together that's what i'm talking about i'm gonna get it together
You want to throw shit, okay, bitch splish splash bitch
Lex and Fauna are arguing
Fondant in through a fan and summer you didn't took the drink to say a bitch here in your face like no
We got to handle this tomorrow you guys because right now is not the time or the place
Crazy last night. Oh, yeah, Scotty Alex. Scotty was so sad about that
That is not like Scotty. Like what is the beef?
I don't understand like every time she's she's only cute too. I don't get it
Yes, but I just like
I feel like Scotty is really doing a big win. She is out doing herself this season and I am so fucking proud of
They pulled that car Scotty told her why she didn't like her she said because you're being fucking weird, you know
You just yeah, you know, you snuck me. We are so proud of Scotty because honestly in all her seasons
She's never had this
Much heart like she's literally standing up for herself and gets one of the heaviest hitters in the house
Do you know how much heart and courage it takes to do that?
And now you know what people have their opinions about stuff because Scotty is putting her opinions and Lex is getting mad off that like
But she can she have a right to have an opinion though. I don't see what made you square up a rollie. Oh my god
Yeah, that was funny. If you can kiss my ass
I think it's like people want to have this narrative about me and I feel like I'm a cool chick about that another
You can't tell me who I am and who I am not
I'll be the home roll and I'm doing it like a little kid late night. Oh my god, but so great
Why don't you be swinging at the end of the day? I got in there. So even if I
Pissed it out. Whatever like I got in there. Well, don't you think I'm all talk that delusional cuz
What bitch besides Russian sit up to really let's be fucking honest. Most of the girls in the house are scared of rolling
Okay, never it's never
Very never get don't get scared up
But you need to start move your hands together your mouth rolling. Why the fuck did you slash the shit?
Elsie and then push her in the fucking bus. I'm gonna tell you push her in the fuck like this
get down
Why don't I mean
What the fuck Rolly just slapped the shit out of everything that shit was fucking hilarious. I was not expecting that
I
Thought she had that cocking
eating into that confidence i would have turned around and then i was gonna kick the fuck out of
her into that goddamn bush did y'all smack the shit out of you you're not gonna get me back
you know she look crazy her eyes just going like this all the time if she talks like this
next thing you know i'm getting fucking hit from the back like i ain't got time
elsie i explained to you why i i said that you're the least my least favorite i didn't say i didn't
like you i said you're my least favorite like wait what why what was the reason the reason why is
because you turned around and fuck rush your cream for your spot and now y'all all buddy buddy like
it's like pick a side like what are you doing elsie wish well she wouldn't lose her job and
she's gonna get up and fucking well speaking of go home i might may or may not have to go home
bro no because something happened sadly bro and he already left you don't leave me too i just got
a phone call it's something very important that's going on at home that i cannot ignore
i'm gonna try my best to avoid
going home but if i gotta go bitch my family come first well whatever it is i hope that you know
everything is okay and you know you got our love and full support here so definitely yeah what
happened at the club last night i didn't go to the club i didn't want to know oh i came in like
in the middle of it diamond was playing her song and so i'm just on the mic talking shit like line
it up um just talking shit i saw the vlogs that you threw a drink yeah i threw the drink because
i came in the middle of it and i just see legs going
back and forth back and forth so i've seen that she i don't know if the drink hit legs so i x legs
like did she just throw a drink on you and i'm closer oh i'm tired of legs being y'all look i
ain't gonna lie because y'all gonna have my friend looking like a bully and she's not a bully because
y'all peeking on her i'm just tired really of the fight in the club for real like no one is going to
want to book us all that fight and fight you know we're supposed to be professional like that's
annoying that's fucked up well natalie she uh called me about an activity we do on this natalie
just bitches
weird bro we was literally in the club having a whole fucking sing-along we dancing we joking we
having fun she was talking about you an hour later this bitch is on live with summer talking about
diamond the body uh she's trying to be you and this is that and she's like oh she could never
be me you can never be miss natalina i mean i never thought any of them hoes thought they was
gonna be me that is right that is diamond i never thought they can be miss natalina all right
not on their best day they could never
do you like me or do you not bitch listen if you're gonna be a fake ass bitch and keep acting
like you like me and then really don't fuck with me i'm gonna make the decision for you okay bitch
i don't like you fuck you up i don't think i probably you probably don't but we're gonna
meet her at this activity stand on it don't be a fake ass weird ass bitch bitch yeah let me ask
her yeah let's go actually really got me fucked up that's it yeah what the fuck come on oh we
going horseback riding my favorite part and i'm a bitch now i'm gonna be a bitch now i'm gonna be a
horse and get kicked i've never been a horseback i'm talking about all the bitches i hope that
whole rick can fall off the fucking horse break her arm and then we can do a one-on-one with one
i never actually rode a horse eventually i know i'm gonna yeah run it's just whenever
so be continue bitch let me go get flying
yeah
yeah
hey
you
the white horse yeah i'm gonna do it on the show to go horseback riding i'm a little excited just
because i'm dressed for the occasion i got my little jean rumper jumper on yeah i felt good
in that bitch where's fun at shit she was still getting ready she finna come later she gonna be
here though excited to go horseback riding i like to ride a few horses yeah but let's see if these
bitches really can ride a horse
we've been riding
you crazy
that is perfect for the horse
i hope none of y'all bitches fall off on home
okay good
they finna go with these horses
lets not be on the horses
well i don't know
but i'm scared because i ain't never been on one of them things before and
oh you've been on them before
i sure have
when you gonna see a man by the horse
i ain't gonna lie i really want to do an
activity today because i feel like i've been missing the activities
and i want to do it and then handle bitches after if you get like that but
i mean
I'm excited about getting on that horse.
I low-key feel the same way, too.
I feel like Tay-V is still up with Tay-V.
And then last night, me and Fauna got into it at the club.
So we're on our way to the horseback riding.
And I'm just preparing because I know I'm going to see this bitch Fauna again.
And the last time I seen her, she was a mad bitch.
So I'm just expecting her to have unfinished business with me.
So my head's on a swivel right now.
Elsie, last night, when I said what I said to you, I know you did take it personally.
And that's why you said what you said.
I didn't want to put my hands on you.
Because, like I said, you feel you have your opinion.
And I love your confidence.
My intentions wasn't towards Rolly, per se.
So if she felt like it was towards her, I mean, if the shoe fits, wear it, right?
At the end of the day, if people think I'm ex, then cool.
They can think I'm ex because I know who the fuck I am.
You know what I mean?
Like, I know who Elsie cares.
Well, okay.
And I said what I said, and I stand on how I stand.
Natalie's a weird-ass bitch, bro.
I wake up, bitchy, on live with Summer talking about how she could never be me.
And Summer over there talking about Diamond and Cloud Chaser and this and that.
I'm like, bro, what the fuck?
Bro, she's on there with a fucking ugly possum-looking asshole.
So leaving from the club last night, I just see that this bitch, Summer, is on live with Natalie
talking hella shit about me and my bitches.
So for Natalie to be the CEO and for her to be letting this bitch sit up here and pop shit about us,
are you fucking crazy?
That was some messy-ass, lame-ass shit.
What the fuck wrong with these hoes?
I'm like this shit.
Like, Natalie, does she fuck with us or she don't?
She don't, obviously, because you, you, I, like, I don't give a fuck.
If you're neutral, just be neutral.
Stay out of it.
I don't think it's neutral.
I just feel like she expect the motherfuckers to come in here being chingy, and she expect
the motherfuckers to come in here and just be against you.
And if motherfuckers ain't give her what she want, I just feel like, you know, she kind
of letting us know shit.
She ain't fucking with us.
Natalie, live is not TV.
If you want to be messy, go be messy in your fucking confessionals.
There's no reason you need to be on live with another cast member being fucking messy.
That's not TV no more.
That's the fucking internet.
Grow up.
If you're so against fighting and don't want to be in that, do not talk shit.
It's just that simple.
Like, bitch.
I mean, she is the boss, so at the end of the day, she has to do her job, and I respect
it, but I just don't like when she stoop down to levels.
At the reunion, bitch, if you want to be an EP, you want to be behind the camera, be behind
the fucking camera.
Bitch, if you're a cast member, cast members get touched.
You want to be a messy cast member, bitch, messy.
Cast members get touched.
I'm a real cheer.
That bitch can get slapped, too.
That bitch can get slapped, too.
I pull up to the horse ranch, and me and Natalie are walking, catching up.
I love riding horses.
I love any type of activity that's fun, but my outfit is not giving horse back riding.
Oh, my God, Scottie fucking asshole.
I kind of stumbled a little bit, because my shoes.
It was a lot of rocks, but I had a backup.
My Louis and my purse, it's fine.
I still look the fuck good.
It's okay.
Artie, what the fuck?
Scottie, let's be honest.
What horse are you getting on with them big ass heels?
Are you just busting your ass?
This didn't happen last night, because you was kicking the fuck out of bitches.
Like I should?
I'm actually like, I'm literally like, what in the fuck is going on?
Girl, you know what's going on.
Scottie is fucking awesome.
Scottie is fucking awesome.
She's fucking karate kicking bitches.
Fucking bitches up now.
And you know, you like, fuck that bitch.
Oh, my God.
Big space jam bitch.
And then she got into it with Fauna.
A drink got thrown on Fauna.
They're going back and forth in the club.
At the club last night?
Yeah.
We're in the club having a good time.
And Kenya.
And Kenya is lit.
That's why I didn't put Summer in the sprinter last night, and I made her ride back with me.
Yeah.
The whole car ride.
I know, she was.
My life.
Because I said, you know what?
We're not about to start saying, because everybody saw her get in the car with me.
Oh, you're being messy.
You put Summer in the car with you.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's why I didn't say much.
I went live.
Go ahead.
I thought I was making a baddie CEO executive decision by putting Summer in the car with me instead of the sprinter.
I'm going to show you all what's in my phone.
Summer had me on top of a moving vehicle twerking in the streets of Kenya.
After your bookings night, you literally told us,
No fighting, no provoking, and it's a lot coming from those three.
Summer, well, it's not really, I mean, big legs, yeah, but it's like she's following after them, and it's like, girl, I know you have a mind of your own.
I know you're smarter than that, so for you to be walking up behind them and doing little weird-ass shit with them, it's just like, uh-uh.
Me and Natalie are talking about how Dolly, Summer, Lex have been acting in the club, but I just feel like Natalie stirs the pot,
and she doesn't understand.
She doesn't understand when she's stirring it.
Well, we do have replacements coming, so hopefully they can act right horseback riding at least.
Well, there's a lot of fields out here, if anything.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
And I'm keeping these with me.
And I wish security would try to take my hands.
And look, the girls are here.
I'm sure there's going to be some arguments about yesterday and last night.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Well, for sure, Fana, she's going to get that off her chest, because she got a drink thrown at her by Summer,
and then big legs.
She just kept on doing whatever she was doing to her, provoking her.
We can't be fighting around the horses.
They're going to kick you.
Yeah, like the way you've been kicking bitches.
They don't like that.
Let's go see the baddies.
Come on.
I see them.
They're over there.
It's beautiful.
Oh, my God.
Look, I really want to ride a horse today, y'all, but I'm scared as fuck, so I might fucking flake out.
Don't hold me to it.
Hey, girls.
Hey, baddies.
Hi, girls.
Hi, girls.
I see horses.
Baddies, and I'm just like, fuck all the small talk.
Let's get on.
Hi, I'm Naomi.
Welcome, baddies.
Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, I'm good.
Here is my team.
We do horse riding here, and welcome in our Nkong race course in Kenya.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Before y'all go ride your horses, I just want to say, like, I'm about to leave, because I got some family shit going on at home.
I'm going to let everybody know that, like, I'm about to head out.
I got to just go handle the shit that's happening at home, but before I go, I do need that, I do want that with Dolly.
I'm going to be waiting on the day of your return.
OK.
I see you jumping and shit in the club last night and tripping and all that.
When?
Then this morning, I seen you, and you didn't have your wrap on.
When?
This morning when you came out your room.
I've been icing my hair.
There's no fake shit going on now.
You didn't have your wrap on this morning.
Don't act like I'm pretending, and you know I'm not.
I need two hands for that big neck, big back bitch.
That girl is hurt.
And her neck.
And her back ears.
And I need both of my fists to see.
For a big bitch like that.
And that go for you too, miss ma'am.
Bitch, shut up.
You don't act like I'm pretending.
Shut up, bitch.
I don't want to talk about nothing you talk about.
Please don't.
Please don't, bitchy.
I got ice on my hands earlier.
Soon as Ivory go, your hand going to be too.
You know as soon as this bitch leave, your shit going to get to working in this bitch on my mom.
Y'all bitches scared of Ivory.
Ivory know I'm not scared of her.
Rhonda talk shit about the bitch folks.
I don't think nobody scared of me here.
Girl, yes I am.
They is scared of you.
Y'all ain't friends.
Ain't nobody scared of shit, bitch.
For this bitch, Dolly, to be PC'd up, act like she's in the reserve and scared to fight Ivory for days.
For her to turn around and try to say that me, Fauna, and Coldkiller are scared of Ivory.
Make it make motherfuckers sense, bitch.
Scared of what?
We genuinely bonded.
We genuinely fucked with each other.
We never had no issues.
So, shut the fuck up.
I will park it.
These bitches ain't did nothing wrong to me, bitch.
Bitch said we was talking about that.
Bitch, right now, you're scared of me, bitch.
Take that hand wrap off.
And get in here.
Get in the field, bitch.
Come, come.
Never needed a car.
I'm not no follower.
You bitches need crowds and all that.
Like, chill.
Girl, please.
Now, go get on your white horse.
Anyway.
The ladies can keep it together while we do this horseback riding because I would hate for one of these horses to back kick any of y'all bitches.
I don't scare of the white one.
Do not get behind the horse unless you're Dolly.
Get right directly.
Dolly, pat his tail.
You just been do shit all season.
And I'm going to go up here and grab my horse, bitch.
Y'all, I really can't express how happy I am to ride this horse right now.
But I'm just kind of confused why I'm up here with Legs, Dolly, and Summer.
But it's okay.
I'm going to do my own thing because I know how to ride this motherfucker.
I want the piece of the neck of my name on the side of the jet with all due respect.
A saddle is supposed to have a handle.
And the rope is supposed to be for the horse.
So, like, you got to, you know, hey, oh, oh, oh.
I'm like, hey, where do I hold on to?
What kind of shit is this?
Disappointed as fuck in myself because I'm scared as fuck.
Like, I'm a daredevil.
But I'm on this motherfucking horse.
And I'm ready to get off.
And then walking.
And it was like, don't get nervous.
So, I'm trying to make sure I don't get nervous.
Like, say, I'm just going to feel your fear.
So, I'm just on this bitch like, yeah.
Bro, what the fuck, Ivory?
Bro, you got me fucking pissed off.
Bro, Ivory's pissed.
Bro, Ivory's leaving right now.
And I'm just feeling like, what the fuck?
Like, I really worked hard on building this alliance.
You know what I'm saying?
This is my bitch.
I've been fucking with her since last season.
And now, trio, duo, uno.
I really feel like this bitch is going to try something.
As soon as you leave, bro, I swear to God, this bitch handle is going to miraculously heal, bitch.
It's all right.
And we're going to be ready.
Exactly.
Like, bitch, it's still.
It healed at night.
It healed at night.
It's still 70 yards.
Like, what the fuck?
Bitch, it's still 70 yards.
Bitch, you better stand tall.
Bitch, you better put your backs against each other.
Bitch, and go for it.
What the fuck?
Y'all know, bitch.
And don't.
And don't motherfucking stop, bitch.
It's really sad.
I'm mad that she has to leave right now because she's honestly one of the bitches who really
have my back.
Like, it's all good.
Love you, babes.
I'm going to have you in my head.
Back up.
Keep your head up.
Back up, yes.
Remember what I told you.
Keep your head up.
Keep your head up.
Yeah.
Bitch, I need the coaching.
Okay?
She's like, I need the coaching.
Period.
Well, I'm going to miss you bitches, though.
But bitch, it's okay.
I know it's about to go down.
I'm about to leave right in a second.
But bitch, you bitches better.
I will give you the team.
Yeah.
Text me.
Let me know what the fuck is going down.
Don't let these bitches say nothing the fuck about me, bitch.
Girl, never.
When I leave, these bitches better act the same motherfucking way they're acting right
motherfucking now.
I feel like as soon as I leave, this bitch Dolly automatically going to gain super power.
She going to be automatically healed, and she going to be ready to fight.
I swear this is what I think in the back of my mind.
You better not come up over here with that beast.
We're coming.
No.
We're coming.
We're coming.
We're coming.
We're coming.
We're coming.
We're coming.
Absolutely not.
We're going too close.
God, he look good riding that motherfucker.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Let go.
Let go.
I'm a pro.
Okay.
No.
They don't need to walk back here with the dirt.
No.
Don't come this way.
Go over there, girl.
Coming and riding up on the horse.
I fuck with it.
Giddy.
He hear y'all.
He hear me, right?
Giddy up.
Come on.
Please stop.
Yeah.
Go with Marissa.
Bitch, don't touch that horse.
No.
Look at his ears.
Look at his ears.
He fucking listening.
Ooh.
This bitch is a horse whisperer.
Shitting on them bitches.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Shitting on them bitches.
That's shitting on them bitches.
You know, Scotty pull up with her horse.
Her horse get the shit.
Her motherfucking horse get the shit.
And I'm like, this shitty ass horse.
Okay.
I got a flight to catch in approximately three hours.
Okay.
Love you all.
My experience with Bad East Africa was motherfucking great.
You know, it was definitely a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Definitely better than last season, and I appreciate the opportunities.
You know, I'm making more and more money every motherfucking day.
This shit is great.
This shit is amazing.
This shit is where bitches die to be at.
You follow me?
Big motherfucking ivory.
.
I will always be me, authentically me.
I would never change, and yeah, the biggest bully.
... I think about what really said to me on
the van.
That's just a perception.
Yeah, like I don't know.
Everybody has a fucking opinion.
She didn't want to fight you.
But it doesn't matter if she didn't want to fight me, to be honest.
I don't care about that.
What I care about is people having a prejudgment before getting to know you.
So while some of the other girls are riding the horses,
me, Choco, and Elsie decide to go have a walk and a talk
until it's our turn to ride the horses.
Let's actually stop because, bitch, I'm out of breath.
When you need to get to know me first, then having a prejudgment of who I am.
You don't know me from a can of paint.
I just met you.
Literally, I've been around you bitches not even that long.
You feel me?
So you, even though we're cool, you're still getting to know me.
You're still getting to know me.
So it's like, at the end of the day, people think I'm better than everybody.
I am.
I am better than you.
Because why are you questioning yourself like that?
Like, what?
Definitely stick up for yourself.
I am.
My thing is, who gives a fuck about anybody's fucking opinion?
I've never been scary.
I've never been, oh, I need somebody to defend me.
I don't need protection.
Because if I was really a scared person, I wouldn't have stepped up to Rowley.
True.
Well, at the end of the day, my fight with Diamond is done.
I fought this bitch eight fucking times.
Like, your name is even longer than eight alphabets.
I'm done.
I'm not fighting her again.
And I'm sick as hell.
I just want to get this over with at this point.
But I'm not fighting Diamond.
She saw me shaking.
I was shivering.
I was shivering while I was, I'm not going to fight her.
I'm done.
Choco, honestly, is the different version of me.
She is like the sweeter, nicer, more sensitive side of me.
We're like yin and yang.
That's why we get along.
My issue is like, if it's time for you to run a fade, run that fade.
I said that was sad.
Did you hear that comment?
Oh, they were talking about her?
They were talking, and they were like,
Oh, she's, she's, she's acting like she's shivering, but in reality, she's shaking.
You're stupid.
You've been sick since yesterday.
That's stupid.
I've been sick since yesterday, like, mad sick.
And you still fought.
Mad sick.
And I still fought, and I still throw you inside the bush.
I had to throw Swiper in the bush.
And after doing that, I started shivering really hard because the cold really got to me.
I'm done.
That's fucked up.
For you to even think that you are an asshole.
That's stupid for thinking that.
Fuck you.
If someone presses you, you should beat that ass.
Bitch, man, do what you want to do.
You can do it.
You don't have to.
You don't.
Nobody can do it.
Oh, I'm still shaking, baby.
Let's go, y'all.
Let's go.
Yeah, let's go see what happens.
I'll still run that.
I don't know.
Stick.
Bitch.
Cast it.
Bitch.
I don't.
Bitch.
I'm not breaking my shit even more.
I don't feel bad for the horses because, like, I don't want no person riding on my back all day, goddamn, every day.
Like, yeah.
It is not their habitat, so I start feeling bad, like, damn, man.
But shit, you know, I was having a good time.
I'm with you.
Don't get shot.
Okay, get me down.
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
Please get me down.
Please, please, please.
No, I'm on the horse.
The horse going.
We obviously right fucking out.
Hey, hey, stop that horse.
Okay, so stop.
So we got an instructor, and he's teaching us how to ride the horse, and I'm like, you
ain't got to tell me how to ride anything.
I got this.
But, you know, bitch.
It's levels to it.
Like, you got to hold the strings.
You got to make, go like this so horsey could go left and horsey could go right.
It was crazy.
Like, do that nigga on that neck.
It wasn't fun.
It was scary.
It was fun.
There was no, there was no, there was no handle.
It was a handle.
I finally get to the horseback ride, and I'm trying to catch up on what's going on.
I was already mad about Natalie going live with Summer and letting her talk shit about
me, DTB, Killa, and Rican.
This is, like, real horseback riding.
Like, well, I was.
I will not be participating at all with that.
I don't know.
I'm just, like, that thing was thumping and all kind of shit.
It's so horse.
I don't know.
I've never been around a horse before.
It's too big.
I didn't get on a fucking horse because that thing looked like it was going to take off
running with me once I got on that bitch, and I don't want to hurt the horse's back
with all this ass that I'm dragging.
You okay, Fauna?
What is this?
She's mad.
Last night in the club.
Oh, yeah.
So somebody threw a drink?
Not only that, but.
Say how you feel, Fauna.
Oh, I am.
You went on live, right?
I did.
And you let Summer get the live.
I did.
And she was talking shit about us.
She wasn't.
She wasn't.
She said my name.
She just said it going off.
She did.
And I can't control Summer.
I can't control what any of you guys said.
That's correct.
But you want me to respect you as a boss, and I do.
Yeah.
I do.
I respect you as a boss, but I feel like as a boss, a boss is a mentality as well.
If that was me, I would have took the phone from Summer knowing that, you know,
nobody's there to defend themselves.
Like, you just let her talk shit about us on live.
I didn't just let her talk shit, because I absolutely muted the live when she started
going.
You were muting the live.
Because Summer, and the only reason why Summer was in the car with me was to defuse the drama
that whatever happened in the club.
I was already in the car, though.
No, but she was going to go.
They were going to put Summer in the vehicle with you guys.
No, she rode a separate.
Oh, I didn't know, because I just saw all of them.
I only saw one sprinter.
I was walking out.
Yeah, I only saw one sprinter.
So I was like, no, no, no, no, no.
You're going to ride with me, because I don't want more.
I don't want more drama to be going on right now.
So when she got in the car, she started, ba-da-da-da-da-da-da, and I said, you know what?
I'm not going to be accused of running my mouth and talking shit, but I just wanted
to defuse whatever, because I knew it was up.
That's it.
Fonda's upset right now about the live with me and Summer, and I respect that, but I can't
control what all the baddies say or do online.
Like, y'all baddies is going to do whatever the fuck you want to do anyways.
If you felt like me as the CEO, the boss was doing, was...
was instigating Summer, 100% was not doing that.
I don't have to instigate Summer.
I try to calm her down as much as I can.
Damn, they still in the horses?
Yeah, they are.
Oh, they're...
After my horseback ride, I'm just like, hmm, see some bitches in my peripheral, and I'm
like, eh, it's LCK and Choco and Russian.
What y'all bitches talking about?
What the fuck y'all was over here talking about?
Yeah, we're talking about the housewives.
We're talking about the bus, and they talking shit about Choco, saying she faking.
She said that I'm faking my illness.
Why would I fake my illness?
Bitch, I've been fighting you since I got here.
What happened?
We fought eight rounds.
Y'all saying I'm fighting my illness over there.
I've been stupid.
I've been fighting you since I got here.
I never got down on my own.
Who said that you, um...
Elsa said she heard them cussing about you.
They said something about, uh...
It's stupid.
I know.
At this point, I really don't want to fight anymore.
I just want to focus on my health, get better, and be ready.
But if it comes to the point that I have to fight,
I'll definitely fight.
Fuck that.
So, are y'all fighting tonight?
What's up?
What up?
You and Scotty over there, bitch, that's yours.
That was the weakest fucking fight.
I didn't even really want to fight her, for real.
Lex, man, throw horse shit in your bitch face.
Oh, my mama, she don't like you.
Honestly, I'm still older than that.
Whether it's tonight, tomorrow, I want to see what's up.
Honestly, I feel, for real, my knuckles, like, really...
When I really be fighting, they close.
No, my shit can barely close.
But, I mean...
But, I mean...
If a bitch run up on me...
You got dudes, you got dudes.
That's the thing.
I was trying to get bitches a rest, because I'm in on their ass.
I just feel like I'm not going to put my hand on these hoes.
They not worth it.
Bitch, I can ice it about a couple more times.
And when I can, just make my fist securely.
Then I'm going to be ready.
You gave Lex the mic yesterday.
She was talking shit once again.
And I had to snatch the mic.
Right.
That's not my job.
Why did I have to snatch the mic from her?
Like, and then y'all tell us no fighting at the club.
But yet, y'all be okay with the provoking.
They provoking.
Like, I'm confused.
They, they are, they are.
I have decorum, and I know how to carry myself.
But, it's but so much I'm going to take from somebody.
Period.
No, I get it.
It's just like, you could have deaded a lot of shit.
Like, you should have never gave Lex that mic.
And it's like, bitches are throwing drinks in clubs, and you're not saying nothing.
When are we going to hold them accountable?
So, what do you guys want me to do?
We want you to be.
I'm not a diamond.
I'm not a diamond.
We want you to be the CEO.
Okay, but I...
So, I'm asking you guys.
And have a conversation with all these bitches.
I had one last night with her.
That's why she got in the car with me.
Right.
Because I was fed up.
I was done.
I told her, you're going to ride with me.
So, you were fed up and done, and get on live with her?
And start talking about me?
I did not say one thing.
That's fed up and done?
I said something about you, Diamond.
I was talking shit about you.
You did.
So, Diamond wants to insert herself now.
And she's like, be a CEO.
Who the fuck you talking to?
Or Vonna, or any of you guys.
Okay, why didn't you say Summer?
Chill.
I did.
No, you didn't.
Oh, my God.
You let her rant for like 10 minutes.
You kept asking.
Who loves the video?
I got the video, bro.
I have the video.
I do.
It's my life.
So, Ivory's leaving.
How do you guys feel about Ivory leaving?
Bye-bye.
I don't feel no way.
I don't give a fuck.
It don't matter to me.
I didn't even notice the bitch left.
I ain't see no bitch.
I ain't hear no bitch.
I don't give a fuck about her being here or not.
Because her presence feels like nothing.
You ain't doing nothing.
I'll see you.
So, Ivory has some things she needs to take care of.
And honestly, I'm kind of glad.
Because Dolly definitely needs to heal a little bit more.
Because with Ivory, you need to be to your full potential.
All right, not bitch.
I just gave you a storyline when you bring your big neck, big back.
Not big neck, big back.
Big neck, big back ass, back bitch.
The big bitch is going to be waiting on you.
Yeah.
You can play it.
Because I don't say a word.
Bitch always chasing clouds.
It's not it.
Follow that train when I'm there and get the fuck out of here.
That's coming.
You're not a bitch.
You can never be Miss Natalie.
What is Natalie doing like that?
I never thought any of them hoes thought they was going to be me.
That is the real thing.
I'll say that to your face.
I know you don't think you're trying to be me.
And who else?
And the rest of them hoes.
The first thing I want them hoes to do is try to step like me.
That's all I want to do.
Natalie, you can't be doing stuff like that.
The first thing I want them hoes to do is step like me.
Do you hear what you're saying?
You got to stay neutral as being a boss.
That is not being neutral, Natalie.
Natalie, you know, sometimes she starts saying certain things.
You can't do that because these girls will take that shit too hard.
These are real bitches.
These are hood bitches.
They not no silver.
Spoon bitches.
And they working hard for what they getting.
So boss up, boss.
The part of the lie that she's talking about is the end of the lie.
When I was getting out and bringing her into the house.
It still was said.
It was not said about anybody in the house.
Them hoes can't fuck with me on my best day.
If a bitch say something to me before me, I'm in the body.
Because that's how I feel.
Them hoes can't fuck with me on their best day.
So what's up?
Okay, so how am I supposed to feel?
But that's how I feel.
That's how I'm supposed to feel.
So when a bitch is talking about me, I do.
But I'm going to pop my shit too, bitch.
If you fuck with me.
Are you hoes?
If you hoes sit up here.
If you fuck with me.
No, I'm sick of it.
All y'all bitches sit up here.
And let me.
Oh, Natalie.
Get online.
You were just doing it with Ana two weeks ago.
You all do the same thing.
Okay, and we made up.
You do the same thing.
We sat there and delivered on the other day.
We sat and delivered.
I wasn't talking to you.
We sat and delivered.
And we said, bro, we're done.
You took it personal.
I said you did that shit.
You took it personal.
First of all, you took it personal.
You stopped my music.
Right now, I don't really know what to say or if I should even say anything.
Because I understand.
I understand both sides.
DTB, I know the situation when it comes to Natalie.
Sometimes she be acting like, I don't fuck with you.
And then she does.
It's giving mixy.
And in Natalie's world, she's just doing her job.
She's trying to get to know the other girls and trying to be around multiple people.
And sometimes maybe it's too much for her.
But the other girls are not accepting that.
They're not accepting Natalie not being a leader.
At the end of the day, I can do my job.
I can be cool.
You are.
The bitch.
I'm cool.
Fuck you, bro.
Don't speak to me.
And the next time you bring my fucking name up.
Next time you bring my name up.
That's how you know what I'm doing.
Bitch, say my name one more motherfucking time.
Diamond, calm down.
Natalie, stay mentioning my fucking name.
And I'm fucking sick and tired of it, okay?
You're always stirring the fucking pot.
You're always making, mixing shit up.
And then you don't want to get in the field when some shit gets called to you.
At this point, I'm done with the fake shit, okay?
You don't like me.
I don't like you.
Let's put it on the floor and let it be known.
Bitch, don't speak to me.
What the fuck is going on?
Let's stop being fake.
It's time to hold on because now it's a whole problem for me.
Let's stop being fake because we don't like each other.
It's from the lie.
Oh my goodness.
What about the lie?
That panties aren't a bunch.
It's a lie.
It's what you said about Diamond on live.
Diamond going off about a lie where I said,
Bitch, I don't like you.
I don't fuck with you.
And that's just what it is.
Live or no live, you not stopping nothing.
My bitch ain't got to say shit.
And ain't got to do shit.
And you ain't want to do shit.
No, no.
It was only Diamond.
She didn't say anything.
It was only Diamond.
Natalie said it.
It was Natalie.
It wasn't only Diamond.
It was me reeking killer.
And y'all know how I feel.
Natalie, you didn't say anything on the live.
She's not saying she said anything.
She's just saying that she went live.
She could have prevented all this if Natalie didn't go live.
That was it.
When I see Summer, every time I look at her, it's irritating me.
Because, bitch, all I could think about is that drink that that bitch drank.
That bitch threw in my face.
So, at this point, fuck it, bitch.
You need that.
She just felt like you should have told me to stop.
But I did tell you to stop.
Really?
But you should have told that hoe to stop throwing drinks in the fucking car.
I don't have an issue with you.
You want me to hate you, but I don't hate you.
I don't like you.
That's great.
You don't have to like me.
A lot of people don't like me.
And I still don't care.
I still look good at night.
Relax.
You and Fauna have been going back and forth.
Do you guys want to address?
She got mad.
She snatched the mic.
She threw the fan.
Wait, get up.
Summer picks up.
Shits.
Get away from the fucking car and go on your car.
I asked you.
Get away from the car.
I'm going to punch you in your shit, bitch.
I'm telling you.
It's being canceled.
Who is responsible for this?
This bitch Lex gets a twig in her.
About a wig.
I'm like, what's she tripping for?
I need that from you first.
You, you, and you.
