believe
Cal down. Calm down. Calm down. I don't care. Calm
down. Stop. This ain't even got nothing to do with you. Calm down. Calm the down. Calm the down. I don't give the down right now.
Now I need to know I don't need to stop with quit talking to people.
At this point I think Summer just shut the [ __ ] up. Like I'm scared for her in her whole face.
I'm not playing with you. No. Come on. We play with you. Drink. I
don't give a
Want to fly down.
Yo, what is up my baddies? We are back again with another video y'all. We got so much to discuss y'all. We got to talk about big legs. We got to talk about uh we like we we got to talk about pretty
much summer. Summer has been the main topic of the whole entire episode.
episode. I'm not going to lie. This was actually her episode. This was actually her moment. I'm not going to lie to y'all. Like, she really she she did the
unthinkable and that was to stand up to, you know, the heavy the most heavy hitter on the show and that's Tika herself. So, she stood up to Tiki, she
have heart. I'm not going to lie. Um, even though she was wrong, like I'm not saying that she was right in like situation to be between like sister, you know, situation and everything, which is
kind of getting lowkey kind of, you know, boring and everything. Like, come on now. like they need to go ahead and squash whatever beef they have with Kashan and her sister and Tiki. But I see here or there. Um Summer, no other.
She needs to back up, okay? She need to back up and be quiet whenever her friend when her friends is like if they telling you to be quiet, hun, be quiet, okay?
Because it's either danger or you just need to mind your business. And in this case, it was both, okay? Because you really got, you know, you got spared because Tiki really wasn't, you know, and like she really took it easy on you.
She she took it easy on you. She gave you some like love taps. So, Summer, you you is you got spared. You really got spared. Now, I don't know how it will might go when it comes down to the
reunion. But you got spared this episode. You really did. And you getting slapped and getting put everywhere, you know, and and getting slapped and and turned everywhere but loose. You
know, I enjoyed that moment because you should have had mind your business.
Okay. Summer mind her business this whole entire episode. There's no its butts about it. Um, but she really do got heart for actually standing, you know, 10 toes against, you know, Tiki.
And I'm not going to lie, she for her to be drunk, she lowkey kind of ate. I'm not going to lie. She lowkey kind of ate for her to being drunk. But that's either here or there. So, let's talk about Rolley snatching up Summer. Okay.
Roly snatched Summer up like she was a 9 years old, hun. Like, like when when Roly get into mommy mode, whatever you want to call it. Yo, get out her way.
like get out of her way when she going to my movie mode because the way she handles summer, I respect that out of Roelly, okay? And I might say this and that about Roelly, but but Roelly lowkey, she really came in this season.
And that's why I feel like she should be taking over for Natalie, okay? I really feel like Roelly will be a good, you know, a good CEO. Well, not CEO of
Betty's, but you know, over the girls list just like how Natalie is because like Roelly really be putting these girls, you know, in their place in their place. And I respect Roly for that. I
really do. And that's how I feel like that Roelly isn't going nowhere. And you know what, Roelly, like let's let's keep it 100. Roly is not going anywhere.
Okay, she jacked Summer up and
Summer kept talking. She jacked her up and Summer kept talking. Um, apparently, you know, cuz
y'all we seen we all seen the sneak peek of the next week's episode, which I wish I wish they would have had kept it on a little bit longer so we can see Tiki, you know what, you know, you
know, going into summer, but they didn't. Of course they didn't because that long behind trailer they have like y'all like that trailer they have they they need to you know they need to cut
short a little bit because that that that trailer is a little bit too it's too long. It's too long and they know exactly what they doing. But either way everybody was trying to tell her to stop
stop and she's not listening. So she's really playing with her life right now because you don't know who you're dealing with. You're dealing with a heavy hitter. Okay. Heavy hitter that
knocks teeth out. Really really that that's that's the that's that's what happens. But um but Zeus Oh, that's another episode.
I'm not going to lie to y'all. That owes us another episode. This episode was really good. I'm not going to lie. This is like probably one of the best seasons um so far to me. To me, well, I don't
know. I don't know because I plan on making the Top Daddy's um seasons, but I'm not sure yet. But I feel like this is kind of like in second or third place. Probably end up being in the
first place. But let me let me know what y'all think differently about this episode. Um let me know what y'all think about Summer. Do you think Summer would
should have shut up? you like her friends told her to shut up or she doing too much. But I want to know what y'all think and I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
