gonna drag this one out because the real person that i really want to get is natalie suki nodded
gretch up bad i did reach out to sapphire and because when we was on the bus she was saying
like i'll take out a phase for suki you know well honestly at the end of the day this is something
that suki did summer how you feel about your bestie coming back girl by them i'm gonna fuck
the best friend the big three controversy is running the blogs in the internet yeah we know
it's gonna keep on running so y'all think it's fixable at all absolutely the fuck not there is
no more big three incoming the grah grah boom do you know how many people have been requesting a
meeting with me right now too oh really yes i deserve the fair round with you if you want to
fight we're gonna make some fucking money off of our fight you want to have a fight we can have a
fair exhibition fight and with that we'll get up at the same time
101 mannequin
we will be
the beef all right i'm ending the beef because if i was gonna do something would i already been
done so come on now i don't got time for that you want to have a fight we can have a fair
exhibition fight i'm okay with that we'll get up at the same time after after shit hoe bitch
ain't after nothing and that's why guess what give me my shit give me all my shit
after nothing after nothing diamond after nothing and i'm not i'm not throwing my name
fucking louis vuitton shit yeah you can take them off bitch i don't give a fuck
i don't know no rich bitch that throws their purse absolutely not
a purse you must not got nothing in that purse bitch
disgusting i'm so sorry have a great night guys enjoy your
thing to get to this bitch and of course this scary ass bitch has security pc'd up acting like
she don't want to fight scared as fuck i seen the fucking fear in her eyes this bitch was terrified
bitch you know what i didn't get to touch you but that fear that i saw in your eyes was enough for
me i wanted to come on here and
get my shit but you know beefing with the boss obviously it's certain things that i'm not gonna
be able to do i was here for a good time not a long time and you know what i'm out of here
she was like after i found this
girl please bad bitch from overseas and she don't speak so that's cool she having some damn fun we
arrived to this little thing called trillium mills we're gonna call it bar
zone wheels and i'm ready to get my ass on there and start drinking and when i say drinking i mean
drinking theme party bike we are incredibly excited to host y'all tonight are y'all ready
i'm so excited we're about to go on trails on wheels we're gonna do some drinking a little
bit of bike riding this is my first time ever doing it we're gonna hear some music and i'm
excited hello hello hello ladies i like to do a good deep breath in and exhale all the on the week
day yesterday i don't know does everybody take good deep breath in exhale out one more time deep
breath in exhale out nice let's go then yeah we turn the up in this yeah yeah just
32 inches a little bike and i'm jack like i only probably been drunk a couple times in my life but
i do feel like i was up like i keep telling y'all every time something is going good something bad
fucking happened walking in i see natalie we walking together so we get thirsty dehydrated
i wanted to let the girls know that i had an hour-long lunch with dtb and i just wanted
them to know this because these girls think i'm ducking wreck this season i ain't ducking
bitch what i gotta duck but y'all already know how this go bring these in because i'm
sure somebody has something to get off their chest i'm gonna roll that block a couple more times
but it's lit walking in i'm like hold on all right
we see the fans outside i'm like yeah let's sit bitch my legs hurt
my bitch natalie looking good all the girls come in and them bitches is drunk okay
i low-key i don't even miss being like that at all but they look like they had a good old time
oh
right now
right now you buggin let's go
let's pop on summer i ain't really been drinking you feel me but i wanted to let loose i wanted to
have fun i wanted to be tour to up because that's fun that's a vibe but then i'm like oh
i didn't got drunk i'm about to be around ops i'm up y'all know i've been missing most of
the season because i'm not dealing with the fucking nonsense and the bullshit it's like
annoying so diamond has been at the house i met with her today oh i i wear lunch like lunch was
and this and
okay that so then she said i want to fight and i said okay well i'm a business woman
and you claim to be one too so if you want to fight i have no problem giving you a fight it's
going to be in the middle of the arena at the o2 in london the same way i gave you a tommy fight
welcome to the o2 and the commentary position the moment we've all been waiting for it's going down
right now tommy and natalie right now in the ring guys oh wow well congratulations to be training all
summer oh
we're gonna respect natalie because the change my life regardless and she's about her money she's a
real business woman she's also somebody i look up to so at the end of the day like natalie can do
what she wants and she said that she would fight head up if it was on pay-per-view and if she was
getting paid for it like a real business woman and i respected it we can arrange it and i promise you
No, Natalie, I think y'all need to fight.
Y'all keep sneaking each other.
Y'all never had a heads up.
Fauna is like, well, y'all need to fight.
Y'all need to get y'all ones.
Bitch, I got my ones.
What the fuck are you talking?
Tell us all the time.
You know what you signed up for.
Stand on your shit.
In Africa, you made people feel like shit.
You guys are fighting.
You guys are getting black eyes.
I don't give a fuck about your black eye.
I'm going to be real chill.
You want to go?
I will gladly help you pack your shit.
I don't give a fuck.
You was basically making us look like weak bitches,
but you don't want to give Diamond a head up.
So it's just like, I'm kind of confused.
Now, if Fauna getting into us, then Tavy jumped in.
I'm just looking at her like, shut the fuck up.
For real.
Killer chimes in on the argument.
This situation is just getting too heated.
It don't have nothing to do with me.
Fauna, it got something to do with Diamond and fucking Natalie.
Tavy, hold up.
You been in the house thugging with these two.
You know, Tavy been rocking with Fauna and Cold Killer this whole time,
and it's like.
You know, Tavy kind of jumped in and, like, took up for Natalie,
and I feel like you're just going to just jump in for her?
Oh, wow.
Really starting to get a same shit, different toilet.
From this group to our group to that people, that friend, this and that.
Same shit, different toilet.
I mean, that's all I see.
I really hate to see, more than anything, friends fight,
and it looks like Killer is right here telling Fauna and Tavy to fight.
I don't know them that well,
but it's something that we don't.
I'm still new here.
It's like every day is just something.
I'm just trying to get used to it, but I'm trying to see kind of what's going on.
So right now, Tavy, you ain't find a place to be friends.
I understand, like, Natalie is CEO.
You rock with Natalie, but you never had to speak up.
Why would you go against your friend and start popping it?
She's leaving.
She's really upset.
Honestly, I feel like she just walked out so she wouldn't have to fight her friend.
Y'all, of course.
Now, y'all bitches want to boost up exactly what's going on.
I'm not stupid.
Fuck is you talking about?
We mean not to put my hands on the ball for them, son,
because the relationship we have.
This shit took me off guard just now.
Right now, I'm so fucking mad,
and the only thing I could think about is how mad Lex was
when she beat the shit out of Summer.
And I got this anger in me right now,
and I said, if I fucking touch my friend,
I'm a fucking loser.
I know myself.
So I said, you know what?
Octavia, walk away.
Take the high road.
Everybody had an opinion, and I let my opinion out.
All I said is I don't think she got jumped.
What the fuck?
But you don't have to let them get to you.
It got to me because we cool.
That bitch know my baby, my moms, everything.
Bitch, you was in my room today.
We sleep with each other.
You're my friend, bitch.
Like, you, we pillow talk all night.
What the fuck being you?
Then you just come out and tell me how you felt.
Farna, you know the reason why I ain't hit you back, son?
Because I have a dip.
A big space.
A big space in my fucking heart for you.
And you really broke my heart, my nigga.
You breaking my fucking heart.
I'm so fucking done.
This is the last straw.
I swear to God, I'm not talking to nobody.
Fuck everybody.
And if Natalie was in there saying some off shit,
fuck her, too.
Or everybody back.
When that bitch Lex ran up to fucking Farna,
guess who ran up at the reunion?
I did.
Hey.
Yo, watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
Watch out.
And Farna came to me with a type of respect for you, yo.
You got my back.
Fuck you talking about.
When Lex ran up and snuffed you, I snuffed that bitch back.
And just when Natalie ran up and she
did what she did for DTP, I made sure I was there
for all my friends.
You mad because you're more cool with Diamond
than you are with Natalie?
More than I'm cool with Diamond.
What the fuck is the problem?
Everybody want to say Tame is a fucking problem.
Fuck y'all.
Tame is a real ass bitch.
I promise you to my soul.
My emotions is high.
I'm sad.
I'm mad.
I'm out there crying.
I can't understand why my friend decided
to tell me about myself in this moment.
And that's why I'm outside trying to figure out,
what the fuck kind of angle do you have?
They got me trumped up, son.
If I go back inside, I'm not letting
nobody jump in my face.
I've been through too much shit.
I'm being nice.
Can you tell me what happened yesterday?
Tavey and Diamond got into a fight.
She fucked with you, and she fucked with DTP,
and that's OK.
Basically, she fought Diamond because Diamond's
said she held her back.
There's other shit.
Don't blame it on me anymore.
I'm tired of the Natalie Diamond problem.
The main reason was you, though.
Oh, for real?
They got into a fight yesterday because of you.
I'm over this shit.
We keep talking about the same shit.
You know, I haven't seen Natalie in who knows how long.
So it's like so much shit I be wanting to talk to her about.
But it's like, people have this to say about Natalie
behind cameras or behind closed doors.
And then when they see Natalie in person, they're all smiles.
And I don't fuck with that shit.
Fuck all of that!
You shouldn't.
I don't!
You shouldn't.
I don't!
You shouldn't.
Bye!
Go like you always supposed to do!
Where is Fauna trying to press me?
I'm like, bitch, let me get up out of here.
Because one thing I'm not going to do
is break my character for a little weird-ass young bitch
like you.
I don't want to go!
Bitch, I'll wait my turn.
Because honestly, I ain't never into being on a bitch
while several other bitches being in there.
Y'all, let me smoke my joint privately.
Thank you.
I want to smoke.
I just want to smoke.
Let me fucking smoke!
And Broly, you know you hurt, bro.
This shit is weird as fuck.
This is her show.
She got you running and shit.
This shit is hard on you.
She's barely been here.
She's taping you to spin her ass.
She's actually defending taping.
She just sat over there.
Fauna voiced her opinion about, you know, Natalie.
And I completely understand.
But this is the baddie.
So it really ain't no time to be emotional, baby.
I love you, Fauna.
All right.
OK.
For real.
I don't fuck with that shit.
All right.
All right.
Calm down.
No.
I don't fight it.
I understand.
I really do commend.
Fauna for standing up to Natalie and expressing how she feels.
Because a lot of the girls be scared, too.
As if, like, they're going to lose their job.
And it's just like, Natalie is still a human.
You're still a human.
Express your feelings.
So I really commend Fauna.
She's standing her ground 100%.
This is all me.
It's a boy to meet some of the girls.
Because I'm like, I know y'all want to get some shit off your chest.
And my bitch says she's not coming back.
So at this point, I've been in situations before where you mad.
You know, let off a little bit of steam.
So we can run it.
Because I don't want to keep coming here and talking about it.
Because I don't have the answer.
Hey, Sapphire.
You know, I feel like there's been a lot going on between all the ladies.
And, you know, I need to tell her, like, what's going on with everybody's shit.
Hey, y'all.
Sapphire, you just missed everything.
Natalie was here.
She just told us about, you know, her date with Diamond.
And Diamond, you know, they had a dinner.
And Diamond, you know, went ballistic.
And then, you know, Fauna felt like, you know,
Natalie needs to go one-on-one with Diamond because, you know,
Tavy had ended up holding her hands, Diamond's hands,
during a reunion while they was fighting.
So Diamond couldn't fight back.
So in that order, Tavy started defending Natalie against her friends
that she'd been rocking with in the house since she'd been here.
And Cold Killa, Fauna.
Yes.
So it was just a lot going on.
They started going back and forth.
And I tried to explain to Tavy, like, it looked crazy because
Fauna and Cold Killa is with you every day.
Right.
They got your back.
They fuck with you.
They don't let you get jumped on or nothing.
But when Natalie was, you know, watching it going on, she was laughing.
She wasn't defending Tavy.
It never did.
So, you know, it just was a lot of chaos going on within the friendship.
So where's Natalie?
I just want them to get this shit over with because it's old at this point.
Just everybody just get it off your chest.
And where the fuck is Natalie at?
I kind of miss her standing here asking if anybody got anything that they need
to get off their chest.
Now, Rowley is doing a beautiful job.
But where is the baddie CEO?
Natalie has walked off.
She left.
So how are you?
Because we haven't seen you since the whole situation with Suki and Grant.
I know when everything happened, Suki left out.
But, like, what is she saying in regards to that?
I don't know what to tell y'all.
Like, I don't have the answers.
Did you?
I didn't ask her anything.
Like, how?
I said the same thing, like, how y'all felt.
Like, y'all want her to take accountability.
Right.
Like, y'all want an apology for being affected.
The same thing that I wanted when I got affected by it.
Right, right.
So, like, outside of that, I don't know what y'all want me to tell y'all.
Sapphire, let me ask you this.
Did you explain to Suki maybe how you felt about the Mason?
No.
You just...
Uh-uh.
I had that, like...
I feel that.
I feel that.
I feel bad for Sapphire.
But, bitch, stop.
Like, it's gone too far.
Stop taking up for Suki.
Like, just stop.
Because at the end of the day, the energy is with Suki.
At the end of the day, we know.
You didn't do it.
Okay, well, fuck it.
If that's what's gonna make you feel better, because it's not.
But she not coming back.
So, that's what I'm saying.
She not coming back.
Suki wasn't walking back up in that.
I mean, she don't know who all got an issue at this point.
And I'm pretty sure Sapphire done informed her about that bus ride.
And bitch is feeling some type of way.
So, yeah.
I'm not shocked.
Hands on you.
I don't.
Your pillar is still on one.
But with all this chaos and everything that's going on right now, I really don't want to
see them fight.
Like, I hope that this doesn't happen.
I'll take your ring off.
Okay.
Sapphire basically say she want all the smoke behind Suki.
You know what I'm saying?
And I feel like I've been saying I want smoke with Suki.
So, you saying basically, yeah, you trying to puff it up.
So, I'm like, damn, I gotta puff it up with Sapphire.
Me too.
I go.
Where Suki and Sapphire stand.
So, I don't know.
I just feel like I've been through it before.
Summer has put me in situations that, like, I was, I didn't know if I should do this.
I didn't know if I should do this.
And I feel like as a friend, you should never put your friends in certain predicaments,
in certain situations.
You should always have their best interest.
And I feel like at this point, Suki's only thinking about herself.
I do not want to touch.
That's what I'm saying.
But she's standing on what she say.
People was jumping Suki.
She wasn't saying she was taking phase.
She said.
Just because.
She said Suki is too little and she gonna take her phase.
She said that people was jumping her.
No.
She said if anybody fell away about being maced.
Is it if people felt the way or is it if people was jumping?
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
Everybody has their reasons for why they're mad.
It's still not gonna make me switch on my bitch.
So although I fuck with Co-Killa and I know she fuck with me too.
If that was gonna make her feel better, I was willing to do that instead of switching
on my friend.
At least she stood on how she felt regardless if she fuck with me or not.
Whatever you want to do Co-Killa.
That's all I'm saying.
At the end of the day, I'm still not going to have no issues with you.
That was on east.
Y'all have to fight.
I don't feel like y'all have to fight.
I don't want y'all to fight.
But it's not your fault.
But you and I are fighting.
But you're one.
Don't fight anybody Suki want to fight.
Anybody that want to fight her.
Not just Suki.
Yes, and I want to fight her.
I did.
I want to smack her.
Well, no.
I don't want to fight Sapphire.
All right, so, well.
I don't want to fight Sapphire.
I'm licking her in her eye.
And like, I would feel wrong.
She didn't do nothing.
She don't do nothing.
Sapphire is a good, so like, you know what I'm saying?
So it's like, and after I fight her,
I'm still going to want to fight your friend.
So it just was pointless to me.
I'm going to save my energy.
I ain't going to fight Sapphire.
I can't do it.
Thank y'all.
I respect it.
At least you said it.
I didn't seen it all.
Every disagreement don't have to lead to a fight.
You know what I'm saying?
And so I'm happy that that didn't lead to that,
because it wasn't necessary.
And everybody looks at Santa Fe for it.
Exactly.
I could tell, Killa didn't really want to fight Sapphire.
But she did want her to stand on what it was that she said.
And I was so thankful to see that at the end of the season,
we're getting a little bit of growth about saying,
maybe that's not a fight I want, because I actually do
fuck her.
I fuck with them.
Sapphire, I know your heart.
And I know that you feel like you're
rekindled with Sukiyana.
So I just didn't like that she was
willing to take those fades, because I'm like,
you shouldn't have to do that.
You have never said shit bad about not one person here,
no matter how mad you are at them.
I've never heard you talk about a bitch behind your back,
never.
But when you sit next to that girl, your friend,
it's like you ain't got no choice but to defend that evilness.
And I understand.
I feel good.
I understand.
And Gretchen ain't got a problem with you,
and you ain't got a problem with Gretchen.
So today, we ending this shit.
Ain't no more talking about this.
Because guess what?
We don't have to deal with that shit.
So we're not about to keep talking about that shit.
It literally made me emotional.
Now I understand why everybody is upset.
Myself and Sukiy, we had two totally different views.
Well, that's not bad.
That's it.
That's it.
I'm leaving, too.
Girl, you ain't going no goddamn where.
I'm going to get right to it.
You don't got to do all this with yourself.
What the fuck?
I get called to go talk to Natalie about the situation
that happened.
And I feel like I should, because I let my emotions
and my frustration get the best of me.
And I definitely think I need to have a conversation with her
so she can really understand and see how I'm feeling right now.
Why do you guys just want me to just keep fighting?
It's not even about that.
For me, it's really like a respect thing.
As soon as me and Killa said something,
you turn towards me, Killa, and you're like, you, you, you.
You start going off on me and Killa.
I didn't fuck with that.
Because you guys were saying.
And you're like, oh, you picked a side.
It's not about picking a side.
And that's the problem.
No, you did.
If you fuck with me, don't try to throw that in my face.
Diamond.
You just want to keep throwing.
This is what Diamond did the whole hour.
Diamond, she been sneaking you.
She has.
I will give you that.
She has.
Thank you.
In Africa, respectfully, Tevi came on the show
to fight for you.
No shade, no teeth.
Latina came on the show fighting for you.
When Diamond snuck you, neither one of them fought for you.
Cool.
Let it slide.
You're the boss, and I respect you as a boss.
And that's why I don't want to be on that with you.
Back in the day, I'm her because I'm
going at it with my friend.
Because Tevi really do fuck with you.
And it's not even about fucking with you.
Because right now, I feel like she's
giving me dick right now.
Lana, you just reaching right now because Tevi and I have been close.
You've been hitting on her low key to me all year.
I do apologize for coming at you that way.
But I have built up anger towards the whole situation.
And really, I feel like it was for Tevi.
And I know I can't do that with Tevi.
And I can't do that with you neither, because I do respect you as a boss.
But I feel like my feelings are up to here.
But I do respect you.
You did stuff for me that you didn't have to do.
That's right.
And I was off limits for you.
For talking to you crazy.
But I feel like it was more of an emotion thing.
It's OK.
And I'm hurt about the situation, because I do fuck with you.
I know.
I mean, I'm not having you.
Just know that I'm not going to.
I didn't want or expect things to get as out of hand as it did.
And I can take accountability for that.
And after all the shit tonight that happened between me and Tevi,
I've learned something that's very important about Tevi.
You are a dick rider.
And for that, I cannot fuck with you.
Fuck.
That is insane.
I apologize.
No, you should.
I should apologize?
No.
OK.
One more time was like.
OK.
I was like.
One more time was crazy.
But we do have a good bond.
One more time was.
No, listen.
Bro, you should be like, I'm going to take it one more time.
No.
Yeah, you, bitch.
No.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, uh, bloodstain, come on, yeah.
I don't even know when I'm going to show up.
Bitch, I'm Batman, bitch.
Bitch to the hoes.
They don't know when I'm going to pop up, show up,
get that in your head.
Oh, just the bitch I was looking for.
What up?
Are you good?
I'm good.
Walking in a motherfucking city, and they got a no-name bitch.
Like, I ain't getting no motherfucking uh-uh.
So a bitch ain't got no motherfucking face out here,
hoe.
I told you that, Diane.
Just imagine her opening up with that.
The song alone represents us.
I ain't really trying to sneak her.
Like, put your hands up and square up with me.
You feel me?
Cause I ain't fighting no bitch with no name.
Bitch, just the same name who at that rehearsal you said
should open.
So bitch, don't play.
Humble yourself, bae, for I do.
I'm going to just hit her.
One duck and rack.
Exactly.
I don't give a fuck about that, nigga.
Don't play with me.
Don't fucking play with me.
I'm not fighting these no-name bitches at all.
Same air around the world, same fucking song.
I keep showing up for you hoes.
You hoes keep trying to attack me.
Huh?
That shit crazy to me.
Here, and some bread.
Of course, since I was in the hospital, I stopped eating meat.
Her big ass over here lying, talking about she don't eat meat.
I don't eat meat.
Yeah, cause we see.
But we know you eat meat.
That bitch lying, she eat meat.
See my girl, my girl, my girl.
Oh my god, I'm so fucking happy to see her.
Bitch, I miss you.
I was like, where is she?
I had to get him into it with like, baby daddy, everybody,
the whole city like, on my head about this.
Bitch, what happened?
Welcome to them, bro.
Yeah, they trying to make me fight a no-name.
Like, bitch, you had all the opportunity
in the motherfucking world, bitch.
That was crazy.
Tonight at the night, huh?
It's already too much going on, since Atlanta, you've been there.
Girl, we just in there.
Them hoes arguing about nothing.
You know that.
Sapphire said she was going to take the face of Suki.
It's so crazy because Sapphire, I ain't going to lie,
she want to ho on the bus.
She said, anybody that want to run that with me,
that's up to what she did.
Sapphire's going to swabble.
I ain't going to, I feel like that.
Nobody said nothing.
And then, Killa, who wants to fight you?
Hugged her.
Bitch, you had, yeah, that bitch had too many times
to approach me.
It's too late in the season.
Move around, bitch.
Ice said she was ducking right through hard.
You lied on me.
I lied to her to get you in some shit.
I said, you my favorite fucking baddie, bitch.
Yeah.
Why you telling these hoes I called you 10 times?
I don't know what she told me.
Summer, you annoyed the fuck out of me, dead ass.
You did call the most yesterday, and I was over it.
Let's have a conversation with the bitch.
I think we need a conversation.
It was a moment.
Because that's all my God.
Bitch.
Natalie, you know you got to talk.
You know you're going to have to see me, and not even on no fight and shit, bitch.
On some real shit.
You lied on my name, and respectfully, because you're a CEO, and I got love for you, too.
I would never fuck with you again like that.
Have a conversation with Nat.
If it's not like that with you, is it like that with you?
It's not.
Well, I love her still, but bitch, you lied, and I can't fuck with you, and that's it.
And then, I feel like you should say, you should have the, you should have the flow
to say that, how you feel.
This bitch is shooing her out about absolutely nothing.
I'm talking about some real shit.
Real shit.
The shit, wow.
Yeah.
The shit is wild how they'll cross you out.
Shit's so corny, dog.
That's why I can't get with it like this.
Honestly, even though all these bitches hate Tommy, you my type of bitch, mama.
Bitch, we going outside tonight, so I'll meet you there.
Let's go get cute as fuck, and let's go find the niggas.
Yes, I'll see you at the club, bitch.
I'm going to change soon.
Let's see what these talks saying, though.
See you.
Yeah, I'm good.
I'm coming back inside.
I'm about to go.
I'm going to wipe my tears, pull my fucking pants up, and finish my job.
Finish doing what I came here to do, turn up with the fans, and have a good fucking
time.
When Brooklyn came out, it was a little bit overwhelming, because I was blindsided.
All this shit happened months ago.
I mean, weeks ago.
You knew exactly what happened.
We've been spoke about it.
Why we want to do it right now?
If we say we have the relationship that we have.
I think because it was talked about again, and then you fought Diamond yesterday.
It was just all a build up.
Okay.
And it all got brought back up.
Then today, everybody decided to leave their opinion.
But it's okay for you to fuck with both.
They left their opinion.
Right, I think I'm talking now.
They left their opinion.
And I am, too.
And it's okay for you to fuck with both.
I don't respect what you're doing.
It's cool for you to fuck with both, and I can't respect you.
Be a real bitch.
At the end of the day, niggas left their opinion.
You knew you had a chance to say your opinion.
You wanted to wait now till we get here on chance.
Who is it?
I need to get hushed up.
What it was, Natalie Tronkin let them get that out, because once you said something,
I'm going to get hushed up.
Was like, okay, now I have to get into the business.
Now I'm going to...
Yeah, this shit get loud, this shit get real crazy.
I don't want to hear all that beef going on.
I'm dancing my ass off.
I am very much aware, but I'm still sitting there eating my food.
Y'all see that America?
Look.
The ladies is fighting again.
Look.
Look at this.
The ladies is fighting again.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
this bitch cold killer looking for a fucking moment i really wish this little bitch just calm
the fuck down like this bitch glitch out so much i swear to god she channel three like she's that
fucking static that's what goes on this bitch brain this gotta be one of the only times eight
seasons that i have actually gotten something to eat and you mean to tell me that tavy and killer
gonna crank this shit back up again hold on before y'all do that let me get a to-go box
because these slaughters are good and y'all playing right now and i'm hungry i told you if
i wasn't the bigger man arguing every day bitch tavy talk about i'm looking for a moment bitch i
am the moment is you cool i don't think that with each other but i'm talking to her son so we're
not doing that don't push me don't push me and don't gotta go that way bring the energy back to
me and it's like girl ari said that you downplay
something
shit because i'm sitting here saying like shit is getting weird i'm over it just stay the fuck
away from me step to savoy and i'm not gonna lie look pretty packed i don't know if this is a
restaurant lounge but i'm just excited to just do something fun with the girls because i haven't
been here in a little minute just a boy and i'm looking at it it's very packed i'm getting so
much love we're in my city walk up in this motherfucker let me own me i look good i feel
good walk into the section and i see everybody look
dressed out you fake this fuck son i get disappointed why are you guys sitting around
like it's a house meeting and why you look like this far no what's wrong tavy why are you swole up
i don't even know what we just walked into but i thought it was gonna be something fun
but these bitches are already going at it i wouldn't talk to you like that i'm looking good
i have strings going up my butt my chest looks good i have my purse in my hand i'm waving and
having so much fun
everybody was so happy to see me say hi to nobody and this random ass bitch just fucking
attacked her like what the fuck is happening hey to come here to do a job not to fight it's been so
much yeah because bitch you was a hot commodity miss tommy lady this bitch flex talking about
some yeah i want to see tommy too i want to see girl where do you stand with biggie now we ain't
go together oh yeah what the fuck is going on jayla how out of all of these girls i've known
you the longest and you didn't have my back at all you didn't say nothing
so what's going on everybody we had outsiders come outsiders still coming it was crazy putting
their hands on us wanting to be baddies we're gonna get the rehearsal started we're gonna
have a good time we're gonna have a good show and we're gonna put the good energy in the air
i mean lee just walked in the building
