We got Beyonce in the building.
Who?
Let me tell you something.
Rolly, what did I do to you?
First of all, I want to start off by saying,
you a fat ass bitch.
And I don't give a fuck.
Your pussy is wet.
Your pussy is wet.
You trying to jump me, right, bitch?
No, no, no.
I ain't trying to jump you.
Yes, you did, bitch.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Let's welcome DJ Skye to the stage.
DJ Skye.
Mariah.
Mariah.
Mariah.
Mariah.
Come on.
Mariah.
Come on.
Yeah, because why they keep grabbing me?
Come on.
Mariah.
Take your chances on me.
So I can't wait.
Take your chances.
What is up, my baddies?
We are back again with another video.
We got to get into some things.
We got to get into some things.
We got to talk about Summer, Darlie, Lex,
someone of Natalie's crazy self.
So let's get into Summer and Darlie.
Darlie, you don't get no type of points at all in my book, OK?
You snuck Summer.
At this point, you snuck her.
You didn't really have to sneak her,
even though Summer do be sneaking as well.
But in the past couple of episodes and everything leading up to the reunion,
I haven't seen anything with Summer sneaking anyone unless I am sadly mistaken.
So if I am mistaken, just let me know, y'all.
But other than that, I have not seen Summer really sneak anybody in a long time
because I know Summer and Lex and them, they used to sneak lots of people,
lots of people.
Now, Darlie and Lex.
Darlie and Lex, low key, I feel like they was hating because they already know.
OK, they already know that Summer is, you know,
low key the fan favorite.
Everybody loves Summer.
Everybody loves Summer.
OK, I somewhat still like Summer in a way.
It's just that little friendship thing.
Low key, it's kind of like a backstab, right?
It's like a backstab.
I still don't understand the reason why they end up ending the friendship
because of the he say, she say type of thing.
And they end up being together and linking up and everything.
That was just nonsense.
But them and Lex and Darlie and Summer,
they really was doing a little bit too much for me.
OK, they was doing a little bit too much.
But at the end of the day, Summer won.
OK, I'm not going to lie, Summer between Darlie, Darlie and Summer and especially Rolly.
Did y'all not see how she mocked?
Like she she was like she she whooped Rolly.
OK, she whooped her.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I'm not going to sugarcoat anything.
She beat Rolly that first round.
OK, like she beat her from A1 to A1.
I don't even know how to say it.
Because she whooped her.
OK, it's no I can't even sugarcoat anything.
I thought it's going to be the other way around.
I really thought that Rolly was going to get with Summer.
But Summer ended up whooping Dango Rolly.
And that's something else that they did say.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
And she fell.
OK, she I'm not sure if it's just because of her arm, because her arm is patched up.
She really can't, you know, swing like she want to swing.
She can't really bob like she want to bob because, you know, her her arm did rip open.
OK, because of that surgery, you know, she should even be doing all this fighting.
She she really.
She should take a break.
Rolly should really take a break because her body is still healing from the non surgery
she had.
OK, that's why she didn't do no.
OK, let me shut up.
Let me let me shut up.
Oh, my God.
OK, anyway, the surgery marks that really have it is still healing.
OK, it is still healing from her, you know, surgery.
So she should not be actually fighting anyone at the wrong moment.
Rolly should be fighting nobody.
But I can't say that Janisha was right.
Summer is low key.
The Dango Beyonce of Betty's.
Because baby.
Everybody was hooting and hollering for summer.
Everybody wants summer.
Everybody.
So I would say summer is the MVP.
OK, I would say summer is the MVP of this reunion.
And she actually carried the season.
Believe it or not, summer carried this season.
Dolly carried half of the season and summer carried pretty much the full half, like 60
percent of the season.
OK, and Dolly carry, you know, the other half.
So I give some of her props for this.
I give some of her props for.
You know, carrying the season and eating Rolly up at the reunion and low key Dolly.
Now, Lex.
Lex, go sit down, baby.
Go Lex.
Go sit down.
You already attacked.
You already have attacked Dango.
Tommy, you want to have a problem with Tommy so bad.
Now.
Now, Lex, I like you.
OK, Alex.
I like Lex.
But she keep on trying to have imaginary beef with, you know, Tommy, which is most definitely
understandable because she did hit her with the bottle.
But I could have sworn she got Tommy during the season.
I got I'm not really sure, but I think I thought she'd have.
But if she didn't, now she has.
So I don't want to see big Lex.
I don't want to see big Lex.
I don't want to see big Lex.
Trying to get, you know, Tommy on the next chapter of baddies because, honey, it's kind
of low key and tiring to see you, you know, want to have problems with Tommy, which is
low key understandable.
But hopefully you got your lick back and you don't want no more, you know, beef with Tommy.
OK, but other than that, I will actually run from big Lex myself because maybe that that's
a heavy hitter.
OK, that's low key, a heavy hitter.
So I feel like, you know, big Lex is a heavy hitter.
But to see.
To see you got hands on her as well.
So it's kind of a toe to toe.
I do feel like to see key is the heaviest hitter on baddies.
I feel like Lex can actually get mopped by to see key.
There's no doubts about it, even though I do like both of them.
But big Lex will get knocked out by to see key.
OK, so she might want to, you know, lay low about saying that she is the heaviest hitter,
even though they don't have no beef.
They don't have no beef at all.
But hey, other than that, let me get stick to the main topic.
Summer.
This season.
And the reunion.
OK, so let me know what you think about the whole entire summer and Dagon, Dolly and Lex
and Tommy situation by her sticking Tommy and also Natalie, because Natalie, girl, you've
been guarding the whole entire fights, the whole reunion, which had me on the floor.
OK, Natalie, please go sit down, girl.
Don't be trying to be Captain Save-A-Whole now, girl.
Natalie need to go sit down, OK, and whereby her friendship with her home wrecker, Scotty.
OK, but anyway, let me know what you think about the video and I'll see you on the next
one.
Bye.
